Hello again you delightful God to be born in this video.
We're going to talk about labels locks and night vision.
What do you mean by that.
Well let's take a look at the game right now.
I have a computer right here that holds the combination for these two locked doors.
I have this computer as Hollin combination for a completely separate locked door.
I know which is which because I put them there but right now it's not really clear to the player.
Admittedly at this point there's only one way through the level but there might not be there might be
several ways through.
So I want to add information specifically which computer relates to which door later on I'm going to
hide some information.
I'm going make it so the players can only see this information in night vision mode.
Let's give them a reason to keep switching modes Let's add a layer of tactics or strategy.
One of those two and go from there.
So bagging game and this time I'm not starting a new scene which is I don't know.
Feels weird.
We've been starting some new scenes I feel like doesn't matter.
It's going to lock dosing and I'm an adult.
Well not a rechecks label.
I don't need it to be rechecks just a standard label and I'm going to put it right where you think here.
Yeah that looks good.
Let's put it right here.
And in it I mean write the words test the word test it's not words.
It's one word.
Now this is the wrong font.
So let's go into a theme and a plight load thing.
Okay.
That's much bigger than I was hoping.
So instead let's make that small.
In fact that's the origin point right there is no.
So let's click on a theme at it thin add class item.
And what are we adding we are adding a label where in the rules for a label so we going to override
settings.
If you're a label and the settings will override a fonts can a load a new dynamic font has that.
And it's going to be in graphics e.g. no not big graphics interface fonts.
There we go.
We're going to use vector feature thin and it's not showing because the setting has reset to zero.
Let's try 20.
Looks pretty good.
Save the scene and take a look at it in-game.
Great.
We now have some labels.
However these are all sideways.
I don't want them sideways.
I want them to always be the right way up is enough.
Let's go to a locked door an open locked door script and all that to do is pick a nice function.
I say we're right here when it gets the combinations.
Let's grab the label.
Make sure you use the capital L and WILLIS Do we want to rotate it so let's get that.
If we click on the label underreact you'll find a rotation mouse over it to get the property rect underscore
rotation.
So let's do rect underscore rotation.
He calls and all I want to do is take whatever the rotation of the locked door is and do the opposite
of that.
Signs can do negative rotation underscore degrees.
So I'm literally just taking whatever your rotation is and undoing it so it's always going to be the
right way up.
Let's see how that works.
And there it is.
Awesome.
We can tweak the exact positioning of it but for now that's pretty good.
In fact I will move that over.
We think here.
Yes let's get.
Okay.
Next up do the same thing with the computer.
Someone open the computer an to put a label into it then someone put the label behind the computer.
It doesn't feel right that's in front.
I don't know why.
It just doesn't feel right front.
Go ahead.
Adding a label applying the theme we don't have to change the thing this time because we've already
you know put the information in the theme and that was the whole point.
And let's write the word test.
Going to put the same logic into the script.
So I'm just going to go into my locked door script and copy the line we just put in so this label recto
rotation minus rotation degrees.
Let's put this one in.
Ready.
Now you might be saying or.
Why didn't you put it in ready in lock door obviously locked door doesn't have a ready function and
I didn't really want to make a ready function just to protect the label when there is another place
that would work just as well.
Computer does have a tree function.
I don't feel bad about that.
Okay so now we press play we should see a label by the computer and by the locked doors and they should
all look good.
They do look pretty good.
OK so we have these labels but right now they're kind of useless.
Let's make them useful.
In computer I mean add a new export variable and I won't call it lock LOC group and lock group are set
as a string.
I wanted to be a string because if I just have the value one in here it's going to assume I'm in an
integer.
But what if I don't want to be an integer.
What if I want a specific lock door or computer to have the label vault or CEOs office or I don't know
sweet shop whatever it might be.
Let's put it a string.
After all we're not doing any maths with this lot group which is using it as a label so it doesn't have
to be an integer.
We have our default lock group and I'm going to it you know.
I never said it as unset so that if we place a computer and we forgot to set the label it'll be obvious
immediately.
So we have this lock rope.
Let's send it through and send it through as part of the combination.
I'm sending a signal through.
Let's just piggyback on it.
So the second argument it'll send is lock grip.
Do not press play at this point because this combination is being sent with two arguments lock door
is expecting one if it comes you with two.
God will crash.
So what do we want to do back into computer Gedi.
Let's actually reset the label with this text so label dot text equals and it just give you the locker
room.
Were passing this information this argument for LOC group over into the locked door so it's got a locked
door an ADD lock proof as an argument.
You don't have to call it lock rope Remember you can call it banana I.D..
I'm going to call it lock rip.
Let's set the text the label.
Labelled on text it calls.
What group.
Now we could Pressplay.
And look these are all set to once I can see that this computer and these doors have the same combination
of I think through behind us Guard terrible security just letting me in.
These are set to unset.
OK.
So let's set this computer to group two and doesn't have any group to let's call it.
Ah the office knowing a good name for it.
Now I pressed play.
I can sneak my way into through a locked door one.
Not a very odd combination.
Don't mind me.
Our Andy office our Indi office great.
I'd like you to hide the labels when we're in dark vision and only show them a night vision.
There's a few different ways you can do this.
I would recommend that you try and use groups but there are other ways.
So pause the video.
Set the labels to only show night vision and when you come back I'll show you my solution.
And weak Mac.
Okay.
So what I'm gonna do is I'm an add all of these labels to a group called labels.
At that it's all underscore that's important.
And over here this group will be added to labels.
Great.
Save that.
And back in level one I'm going to go to my vision mode script and I'm gonna run it in here.
Why am I doing it this way rather than just adding it to the interface.
Well I'll show you.
I don't need a script for label rewon to put one in.
I can add a function for locked door and put these on interface.
However an even simpler way of doing this is in two way.
Vision majidi you.
When we're in night vision mode I want to get tree dot call group.
There it is.
I'm calling the labels group and Wanadoo to say hide.
I'm using the built in function.
I don't need a script for this.
This is something that all knows how do and.
Over here I'm going to show you's show.
Great.
It works but I've got the wrong way round.
I get so in dark vision where you hide in night vision.
You show.
If you wanted to you could go to the computer you could put the functionality in here and you could
just say I will put night vision in here and put dark vision in here and then when the player script
calls interface night vision mode it'll know.
Oh that's part of the interface.
So just send that.
But I find this a lot more elegant So I'm just going to put it inside my vision majidi and that's going
to be great.
One more thing I want to do.
I'm going to add a couple of labels on the map so let's make a brand new note Judy and I'm going to
call this mat labels.
Add a label.
And let's move it to what sigga room.
This one.
I put it right here.
Going to load in my suit my theme soloed theme I will write the words which we write about.
Main office.
Put that somewhere nice and just add that to the labels group.
I'm going to put one more in.
I'm going to let's see you label.
Put this one down in the bathrooms.
Call it bathrooms
low the theme in here.
Lobed thien hope those are my bathrooms.
And I mean the same label.
Just to make it much clearer.
I'm going to call this.
What's it mean.
Office label and bathroom label.
I can see it in this country.
Now I press play.
Start labelling areas on the map.
One thing I should do is hide all of these things in by default so there's going to scripts.
And let's go back in to where did you go.
Vision mode.
Great.
And let's actually call this Hyde function straightaways on the call.
Hyde on ready.
Why.
Because this way we press play.
I don't see the map information that we stop.
So everything is nice and hidden.
Strange vision mode.
Nice unstrategic looks like blue prints.
And that brings us to the end of the video.
In this video we have rotated some labels so they always face the right way up.
We've sent multiple arguments within a custom signal and with hidden and shown labels depending on context.
We're a really great shape.
We can now make a strategic and tactical information available to the player but only if they take a
risk and can't see when the guards are looking.
So take a moment.
Label it various areas of our map that you think are interesting.
Put in some more lock groups and then come up with interesting names for different groups and share
what you've got.
I'm dying to see the kinds of levels you guys are making.
Meanwhile excellent work and I will see you in the next video.